---
hide: false
layout: post
title: First Day  Spring 2015
description: "First day of spring semester!"
category: articles
modified: 2015-02-04
tags: [Luther, Spring, Computer Science]
image:
  feature: abstract-7.jpg
  credit: dargadgetz
  creditlink: http://www.dargadgetz.com/ios-7-abstract-wallpaper-pack-for-iphone-5-and-ipod-touch-retina/
---
## The Way Here:

Well, we made it through the near blizzard, the 3 hour drive that took all of 4.5; it wasn't fun, but we did it. Anyway today marks the first day that I am no longer a Physics major, and now it is time to focus on Computer Science. I think that this semester will be great, I have a lot of fun classes that I am really interested in. This is the most excited I have been about the start of a semester in a long while.

## Classes:

###Intro To The New Testament -- Guy Nave
<ul>
	<li>Well this class is going to be...interesting</li>
	<ul>
		<li>I don't know if the copious profanity is mere the way he converses, or if he is just putting on a show...</li>
		<li>I don't know which I would prefer</li>
	</ul>
	<li>Though I am unsure about his in class style, I really like how he handles the class:</li>
	<ul>
		<li>He takes a very "hands off" style</li>
		<li>He guides the discussion but so far most of the material is at least prompted by the students.</li>
	</ul>
	<li>Through the profanity laced lectures, I believe I may just enjoy this class.</li>
</ul>

###Programming Languages -- Kent Lee
<ul>
	<li>Unfortunately, because this class is entirely new material for everyone the pace is far from blistering.</li>
	<li>The first two homework assignments took under 10 min. each, not that I am complaing</li>
	<ul>
		<li>Coming off of Physics homework (+2 hrs per assignment) it feels slightly out of place</li>
	</ul>
	<li>Though it is overwhelmingly boring now, I still believe I will learn a lot.</li>
</ul>
